Cool. So, today what we're going to talk
about is going to be very simple. I'm
going to be giving you guys a stepbystep
action plan on how you guys can add
10,000 idol clients to your following
list within as little as 90 days.
And we're going to do this through four
simple but powerful initiatives. With
the first initiative being how to find
content ideas, with the second
initiative being how to script those
said ideas,
with the third initiative being how to
record those said scripts, and then with
the last initiative being how to edit
those said recordings.
So before I even go into today's
presentation, I first I first think it's
important to go over a little bit of the
backstory because whatever results I'm
going to promise you guys are going to
achieve, it's going to mean jack [__]
without it. My name is Devin Jatho and
I'm better known as the content guy. So
we'll start here with well what does the
content guy actually mean?
Right now, uh, I currently run a
multi-7figure coaching program helping
business owners such as yourself help
build and monetize their personal brand.
Now, whenever I say that out loud, it
doesn't necessarily hit because almost
everyone says that they'll help you
build their personal brand, but not
everyone has done it for themselves.
However, I have. I've done it at the
highest level. And whenever I say
highest level, I don't mean
figuratively. I do mean literally. So,
if you take a look at this list here,
this is going to be the top 10 social
media coaches in the world ranked upon
the singular metric of average views per
video. This is the cream of the crop. It
doesn't get better than this. So, if I
show you guys this right here, this will
show you the actual average views per
video. So, the bottom on this list
averages 132,000 views per video.
And then there's me.
So now, do I have your guys' attention?
That's what I'm talking about. With that
said, my promise to all of you is that
this is going to be the highest value
per second presentation that you will
ever be a part of. And if it's not, I've
already told Sam and Josh to supply with
you guys with tomatoes in case I do not
live up to my said promise.
That said, back to my initial goal of
making this the highest value per second
presentation that you'll ever be a part
of, assuming that I don't speak in the
next one.
I will also be giving you a free gift
that you guys can walk away with. A gift
that I paid $8,000 to make for you all.
And you guys will walk away with it for
free. And that said, I'm not going to
take your email. I'm not going to sell
you anything today. However, I do have
one ask.
And that is
that while I'm up here, what you guys
have not been doing so far is to treat
me like a black preacher.
[applause and cheering]
>> There we go.
So, what I mean by this is I don't want
to be up alone. That feels [__]
weird. So, whenever we're running
through the presentation, if I say
something like, "Sounds good." I would
absolutely love on if the scale of noise
would be more so aiming towards the
eight, nine, or 10. So, we'll do a test
run. Does that sound good? [cheering]
>> That was pretty good. Cool. So, like I
said, I have prepared something for you
guys. The $8,000 gift is what is called
the media starter kit. And what this
will be and which I will give you at the
end is going to be an essential content
system that you guys can leave with and
have just a place to organize and
centralize all the content you guys
create moving forward. Also, it is built
to
complement the information that we're
going to give in today's presentation.
On top of that, it will include 20 viral
hooks, and these are not going to be
hooks that are coming from Chat GBT. I
have four full-time content researchers
that I paid $32,000 a month to, and
their only goal is to go through the
most viral videos within the previous
month, and they distill down their
hundreds of hours of research into copy
and paste templates for you. So, you'll
be receiving 20 of those viral hooks.
You'll also receive two viral video
templates, a clear structure telling you
exactly what you need to say and when
you need to say it, and also you'll be
receiving an AI scripting tool at the
end. That is, of course, as long as you
give noise, I'll give the [cheering]
media cut. [applause]
[laughter]
>> Cool. That sounds like a deal.
All right. So, I know that we said that
we're going to skip the foreplay.
However, I feel like that's enough
lubrication. So, you guys ready to go
ahead and jump in?
>> Beautiful.
[laughter]
>> So, like I mentioned previously, we're
going to go through four initiatives.
The first initiative being how to find
content ideas. The second initiative
being how to script those set ideas. The
third initiative being how to record
those scripts. And fourth and last
initiative, how to edit those set of
recordings. So going to start with
number one, how to find content ideas.
So out of the four, I 100% believe that
finding ideas is by far the easiest part
of the process, assuming that you guys
are all experts within your niche. And
whenever it comes down to finding ideas,
there really three different ways that
you can get ideas. First way being
active ideation, the second way being
passive ideation and then the third way
being serendipitous ideation.
Now out of these three, we're only going
to cover the first one which you guys
should write down which is going to be
active ideation. And what that means is
is that it is the process of searching
for an idea. And then these are the
other two. We won't cover those today.
Um they're great for long term and
they're my favorites. However, main
thing that we're going to focus on is
going to be active ideation. mainly
because activation is going to be by far
the best place to start assuming that
you're a beginner whenever it comes down
to content creation.
So if you look here you'll see me uh
this is whenever I started creating
content and whenever I started creating
content I looked for ideas with active
ideation from two platforms. Now the two
platforms are nothing sexy. You have
Instagram and Tik Tok. However they are
more than effective whenever it comes
down to getting ideas. So whenever it
comes down to the two things that you'll
need to find ideas within these two
platforms is going to be number one a
list of competitors and then number two
a video view sorter.
So the first step to finding a overall
viral content idea is going to be taking
or looking for the viral content idea
from the viral creator. So the first
step is finding that said viral creator.
Now, to do this, you need a mental list
of the lowhanging fruit creators that
you already know or follow that you know
has good [__] So, what I want is I want
you guys Well, hold on. We'll run
through the example first. So, for
example, if you're in general business,
the easy first three people that might
come to mind would be Alexozi, it might
be Grant Cardone, and then Gary Vee.
Now, I want you to do the same thing for
your niche. And to do that, you have 20
20 seconds to write down these three
creators. the first ones that come to
mind that we're going to use the video
view sorder on. Go ahead and do this
now.
Cool. All right. Hopefully you have your
three creators written down. Now, once
you have this list of competitors, then
we're going to move on to the second
step, which is going to be utilizing our
video view sorter on this list of
competitors. So, I've done a bunch of
research within my years of trying to
find the best possible researching tool
out there that will allow you to easily
and frictionlessly sort through your
competitor's accounts and find the most
viral ideas or videos. And in my not so
humble opinion, I 100% say that Sortfeed
is by far the best.
So, I'll give you guys a QR code in a
second. That way you guys can get the
actual link to it. Now, why is Sort Feed
the best? Well, specifically for three
different reasons. Number one is just
that it is compatible on Tik Tok and
Instagram.
Number two is that it is the only sort
tool out there to where you can just
click one button and it sorts the entire
account for you. And then number three,
they recently made a new update to where
it is the only sort video sortter that
transcribes the videos. That way you
guys can get the script and then distill
down or more so break down what
performed well within that video.
So here's how it works. What you guys
want to do whenever you guys use this
tool is you want to look up anyone's
account, preferably one on your hit list
on Tik Tok or Instagram. And then what
you do is at the top right there's a
little extension sort feed. You click on
that bad boy. Then you want to choose
how many videos you want to sort,
whether that be 50 or all. And then
lastly, you can select which metric you
want to sort it by, which most of you
guys primarily going to be views. And
that is how you use the set tool. And
this is, in my opinion, the best tool
and the best way to quickly find and
easily find viral ideas for your content
and not guess on what's going to work,
but to more so look at what has already
worked.
And then once you do this for one of the
accounts on the three that you just
wrote down, you can take that same
process and rinse repeat across the
other three. And by the end of it, you
should easily have well over 20 viral
ideas for your content. So again, the
tool is called Sort Feed. I told you
guys give you the QR code. So there is
go and scan it. That said, it's not
free. You get what you pay for. Uh you
can use the free version, but you can
basically only do 25 videos when we sort
them out. Uh but the paid version allows
you to do the unlimited videos plus the
transcription. Now, I tried to get an
affiliate link for this, which I
couldn't. So I don't make any money from
this. So I have no skin in the game. I
think it's the best tool.
Now, the hard part is is whenever you go
through that list of three or however
many you can think of and then you
cannot think of any more creators to do
this to.
And whenever you run into this
inevitable wall of not being able to
find any more creators that you can
sort, then there is one strategy that
will easily allow you to find more
creators to sort as well. And that is
going to be using the platform's search
engine. And by search engine, I mean
these two platforms specifically. You
have Instagram and of course you have
Tik Tok.
Now, the way that you use these
platforms to search for the creators is
completely different. So, for Instagram
specifically, whenever you search for
creators, what you want to search for is
you want to search for niche keywords
that would be inside of the creator's
display name. So, for example, if you're
a fitness coach, then you might have
fitness coach and your display name on
Instagram, or you might have personal
trainer or online PT. However, on the
flip side, Tik Tok is a different search
engine and that's going to be better for
searching up overall topics. So, for
example, that might be how to lose
weight, how to burn fat, or how to grow
a bigger chest. So, to give you give you
guys an actual visual of that, this is
what it would look like. So, on the
Instagram search engine, you want to
search the niche keyword and you'll see
at the on the accounts there, every
single one of those accounts has
personal trainer in their name. So now
you can open up one of those accounts
and you can only presume that they
create content around fitness and which
you can sort their videos from most
viewed to least viewed and get some more
ideas and get more creators. Same thing
goes for Tik Tok. You just search an
overall broad topic and then you can see
creators making videos around that set
topic. And that is the best way on how
you can find more creators to sort and
then from there whenever it comes to
active audiation it is that simple. So
you start with whatever your mental list
was you short their reels. Then once you
run into a inevitable wall of just like
[__] I can't find anymore. Cool. Use
search and find more. You add those over
to your list and then you're ready to
rock and roll up to the point of
whenever active adation dries out. That
said, like I said at the beginning,
active radiation is an amazing place to
start. However, it's not where you want
to stay. As time goes on, you're
definitely want to move into the passive
and serendipitous ideation. I'm already
stressed on time, so we can't cover
that. However, active audiation is going
to be more than enough to get you your
first 10,000 followers on Instagram.
And that is ideation,
which means we can move on to the second
initiative of how to script that idea.
Are you guys still with me?
>> Cool.
Beautiful.
All right. So whenever it comes down to
scripting, there are 19 different
principles that I have created and
thought about for a really long time.
That said, for the sake of time, I'll
cover three of the most important ones.
And these three that we're going to
cover, I want you guys to think about
these three as a checklist that you use
across every single script that you
create moving forward.
So the three that we're going to cover
is going to be number one U format.
Number two unique power words then
number three value per second.
So I'm going to go fast which means you
need to listen fast and write faster. So
we'll start with number one which is
going to be you format.
Now, whenever you're sitting down and
you're writing your script, the lowest
hanging fruit to just create a better
performing script is going to be to use
e format to make your content feel
personalized
because personalization creates
attention. I'll say that one more time.
Personalization creates attention.
It's the difference between me asking,
"Hey guys, what does everyone think
about this presentation?" versus me
looking at this very handsome man right
here and asking what do you think about
the presentation so far? He locked in
whenever I started calling on him and
that is the difference in between using
U format.
However, you can't do what I just did in
your content. How you can make it feel
that way by using U format and there's
two different ways you guys can speak in
U format within your scripts. The first
way being replace the plural and then
the second way being give the ownership.
So first we'll start with the first one
which is going to be replace the plural.
And what replace the plural means is
just that you replace any plural word
with the word you. So we'll test it out.
You replace everyone
with you. Somebody caught on. You
replace people.
>> Now we're talking. You replace y'all.
>> I feel like we're like out of four right
now. We need to be at eight. Replace you
guys.
>> Beautiful. Sexious man alive.
>> Now we're talking.
So to give you guys an example of what
replace looks like in an actual script,
uh here's the plural version. If anyone
follows this diet, they will lose
weight. The things in red are going to
be plural language. So what you want to
do is you want to replace that plural
language with the word you. So if you
follow this diet, you will lose weight.
And we now created personalization.
Now this is the first way that you can
utilize U format within your content.
However,
most of you probably already intuitively
knew that you needed to do it. It's more
so just a reminder. However, something
that I bet all of you are missing within
your scripts is going to be the second
form of you format, which is going to be
giving the ownership. Meaning that,
well, giving the ownership means that
you're using the word typically your. So
that way the viewers feel like you own
what they're talking about. So to give
you an example, which one out of these
two grabs your attention more? Do you
like the dog or do you like your dog?
your
that's confusing because do you like the
dog still uses the word you and I
thought that's what I was supposed to
do. However, whenever you say the dog,
it still was not personalized because
the viewer had no ownership within this
situation. So, whenever you swap the the
to your, it now adds ownership to you,
which makes it personalized.
Personalization creates attention. So
whenever you give the ownership, most of
the time you never, not never, a lot of
times you do, but most of the time you
never have to replace a word with you.
What you do is you add one of the U's
into your sentence to hand ownership
over to the viewer. So here's what this
looks like in an actual example. So in
no ownership version, you'll have
runners should always replace their
running shoes about every 300 to 500
miles.
However, whenever you add a little bit
of ownership, you'll see that we replace
the plural at the beginning. So, we said
you that's not ownership should replace
your air ownership running shoes about
every 300 to 500 miles.
And that is giving the ownership.
So, whenever you're writing your
scripts, one thing to keep in mind is
that you always want to either replace
the plural language that you're giving
or give the ownership whenever you see
fit. And that is going to be the first
scripting commandment. Now the second
scripting commandment is going to be one
of our favorites.
Unique power words. So what is a power
word? We don't have time to ask. So I'll
tell you the answer. It is any word you
use that is meant to trigger attention.
So some common power words that you guys
have probably heard before are words
like secret,
hack,
ultimate. Have all of us heard something
like this in videos that they watch?
I'm not feeling like a black preacher,
guys.
>> Cool.
So, the problem with the three words
that I just mentioned is that they're
common. And whenever you use common
power words, they're expected, they're
boring, and it's like it makes your
video seem like a a paid ad on a
website. Just something that is easy to
ignore.
However, a unique power word, well, a
unique power word is a power that is
used in a unique context that triggers
attention.
For example, let's take a look at this
video right here. Listen and pay
attention.
>> Balenciaga will kill me for this. How to
generate dangerously [music] creative
thoughts out of thin air as someone
who's not even creative. It's called
>> So, if you look at that hook, Balenciaga
will kill me for this. How to generate
dangerously creative thoughts out of
thin air. That's probably the first time
this sentence has ever been said on the
planet.
Let's take a look at another example
that's a little bit less out there.
>> Here are some things you can do to
become disgustingly well spoken.
>> Cool. So, here's something here. Here
are some things that you can do to
become disgustingly well spoken. That
dis that disgustingly is unique within
its context, especially from the creator
that's saying it.
So to give you guys a more clear
example, I'll show you an example of
what basic power words look like versus
what unique powers look like. So if we
look at a basic version of a hook, this
would be actually a hook that
I think I made one day. So not this one.
This one's [__] But the next one, uh,
this is one with the basic power. So if
your views suck, then don't worry
because I'm going to teach you the
ultimate hack on how to create viral
videos with a single scripting secret.
That probably sounds like some things
that you guys have said before or trying
to grab attention. You probably use
words like these. However, I think these
are obsolete. I think a better version
of this is a version that uses power
words that are unique within their
context. So, another example might be
something like this. If your views are
suffering, then do not worry because I'm
going to impregnate you with the ability
to create viral videos on command with
the single scripting formula.
Out of these two, which one do you think
is more likely to grab you?
Of course.
And the funny part about that is is that
they both have the same amount of
quoteunquote power words. It's just the
hook number twos are unique. And that is
scripting formula number two. And then
the last one but not least actually I
think is probably the most important and
that is going to be value per second.
And whenever it comes down to value per
second this is probably no this is
definitely the biggest mistake that
business owners will make especially
whenever they come to events like this
and people will tell them to give more
value.
Number one I don't think that [__]
helps because how do you do that? But
then also number two I think it sets you
off in the wrong path.
So to prove my point, I want to ask you
guys a question. I'm going to show you
two different videos on screen. They're
the exact same videos. I want you to
imagine that the result that you derive
from these videos is the same. So you
have this video right here that is 45
hours. And this is called video B. No,
no, no. Video A. And this one is video
B. And this is 20 minutes. Out of these
two videos, assuming that you get the
same result, which video would you
rather watch?
B.
Huh?
So, you don't stand out by increasing
the total amount of value.
You stand out by increasing the density
of value that you give.
Good [__]
In other words, it is not about the
amount of value that you give in your
videos. It is about the value per second
of your videos.
And the easiest way to increase your
value per second is going to be giving
the same amount of value in the seconds.
But what does that actually mean? I'll
show you how to do that. So whenever you
get done writing your script, what
you're going to do, and this should go
for every script that you creates moving
forward, is I want you to color code it
with three separate colors, green,
yellow, and red.
So here's what you do instead of colors.
Whenever you read your script, I want
you to color code any line that adds
value and cannot be made shorter with
the color green.
Once you go through and you color code
any line that you're just like, well, I
don't know what to change about this.
This is this is fantastic. Cool. Move on
to yellow.
So, as you're reading through the
script, color code each line
that is in the script. And even though
it might be valuable, it needs to be in
the script. It's just too long.
and a red this line just really doesn't
need to be here in the script to be
valuable. And you read the entire script
of yours and every single word on that
set of script should have one of these
three colors. Then from there, this is
what you do with those set of colors.
So green means don't touch the lines.
They're good.
Red means get them out.
Then yellow means you either need to
reword or remove any word that is not
necessary to get your point across.
This is a simple and tactical framework
to increase the value per second of your
video. That way after you get done with
this process, you have nothing but pure
value in the shortest time possible.
And that is the three commandments that
we're going to cover today around how to
script these set ideas.
Which brings us to number three. How to
record those set scripts. Are you guys
still with me?
>> Perfect. You guys are getting the MSK.
Cool. So, whenever it comes down to
recording, that got handsome. Whenever
it comes down to recording, there are
three that I believe are the most
important general rules whenever it
comes down to recording.
Number one is going to be that you
always record in your realm of
competence.
So what does realm of competence mean?
Realm of competence simply means maybe
not that simple but simply means setting
it is a setting that naturally indicates
your professional expertise.
It is an environment that visually tells
people what you do and why they should
trust you without you having to say it.
And that is your realm of competence. So
to put that in layman's terms, if you're
a therapist, you should record videos in
your therapy office.
If you are a scientist, you should
record your videos in your lab. If
you're a personal trainer, you should be
recording your videos either in the gym
or the kitchen.
Either way, if you have a realm of
competence, you should never be
recording on your couch, in your office,
or any of the such. Now, some of you,
like myself, they don't have a clear
realm of competence. It's it's hard for
me to put something in my background
that says Devon Jazz is a [__] at
content. So, if you do not have a realm
of competence, this is not something
that you can necessarily create.
However, if you do have a realm of
competence, you have an unfair
advantage. And it would be a disservice
to yourself to not take that set
advantage.
That is going to be number one. I should
be able to look at your video and know
exactly what you do as soon as I scroll
into your video. That's not aa, by the
way. Number two is going to be that you
never ever wear a shirt in your videos
that has white or a big text on it.
So, whenever you put a white shirt on,
the problem is that you or your editor
has to go to the captions and then
basically add that little black line.
It's called a stroke to the captions to
where now your captions just kind of
look like [__] And then whenever you
have big text on your shirt, then all of
the sudden the captions are overlaying
the shirt and now the captions are
somewhat distracting and hard to read.
So avoid wearing these two types of
shirts whenever you record your videos
moving forward. As in they're darker
than pastel pink or preferably you got a
nice little fit on like myself that has
no text on it.
That is number two. Now number three is
going to be triple tapes. Now for some
of you, you guys have not seen my videos
before. So you've never experienced what
this information actually looks like
into practice. I'll bless you today. So,
I can sit here and tell you how to do
it, or I can just show you that I can do
it. So, this is going to be a quick
little video going over why you should
triple take your video and what that
means. Never should you ever record a
video, get up, and then turn off the
recording. That is [__] stupid. If
you want to be more natural and engaging
on camera so your videos actually start
to get views, then you never record a
video one time. You always record a
video three times over. And this is for
three simple reasons. Reason one,
knowing that you record three times
removes all the pressure from the first
and the second recording, making you
look and sound more natural because you
know in the back of your head that you
always have the third. Reason number
two, by the time you actually get to
your third recording, you've already
said everything you're going to say so
many times, so many times, so many times
that you already know exactly how you
want everything to come out. And now
that you recorded three times, you or
your editor have three or more clips
from each parts of your video. So the
editor can watch all three versions and
pick the best parts from each version.
and combine them into the best possible
recording. Now, it is going to add 10
minutes onto your recording process, but
it is what most people won't do. This is
how you can get ahead. And this is why
you guys like the video.
>> Cool.
So, that is recording,
which brings us to our last phase, which
is going to be how to edit those set of
recordings.
Are you guys still with me?
So,
>> so the last thing you got to do is edit
the bad boy now it's recorded and turn
it into a viral video. So, you really
have two options whenever it comes to
editing and only two options. It's
either edit yourself or you outsource
the edit to an editor. Now, the
decision-m framework that I have
whenever it comes down to should you
edit the video yourself or outsource
this is going to be based upon the
capital that you have. So, if you make
less than 10k a month, my recommendation
is that you just edit it yourself
because your time is not more valuable.
than it would take to outsource the
editing. How? However, as long as you
make more than 10k a month, then I see
no problem with you outsourcing the
edits and I think you should because
they're going to do it better than you.
So, let's say for example, you're in the
first bucket. We'll go over what it
looks like to edit yourself and then
we'll go over how to find an editor if
you want to outsource it. So, to edit
yourself,
best advice is number one to use Cap
Cut. There's a bunch of different
softwares out there that are AI software
is like some magic or something in the
such.
Realistically, Cap Cut is a bigger
company than most and if there's any
kind of innovation that an AI software
makes, Cap Cut will literally take that
and steal it and put it into their
platform. So, in my opinion, Caput can
be the best for beginners and also has
the best tools to make it as
frictionless and easy as possible to
edit like a business owner.
Then secondly, if you look up how to
edit short form content, you'll see my
face again. But just go to YouTube, type
in how to edit short form content videos
on Capcon, and they'll teach you more
than I can. However, if you're on the
side of outsourcing the edit, well, this
can look a little bit more lucrative for
you.
So, whenever I say outsource the edits,
the first question is going to be how
much should I pay the editor? To give
you a short answer, you get what you pay
for. No one likes that answer, though.
So, the answer that you're looking for
typically is going to be how much you
actually pay. Personally, I'm assuming
that you want quality. And to get that
said quality, you're looking at around
$40 to $50 per video. No, $40 to $150
per video if you're hiring a freelancer.
And then $1,500 to $4,000 a month if
you're looking to hire an editor
full-time. Now, if you look at my
videos, you're like, "Yo, Devon, I want
my all my stuff to look like yours." To
give context, I pay around 500 to $1,000
a video.
Cool. So now you have that
understanding. Well, how do you find
these guys? There's really three
different things you have to go through
to find these set of guys. So number one
is just going to be making a job
posting. Number two is going to be
setting up a form for them to fill out
after they go through your said job
posting. Then lastly, you got to test if
they're worship, which is going to be
done through a trial edit. So we'll
start with number one, which is the
actual job posting. So there's three job
posting sites that I recommend, and I'll
go through them from worst to best. So
the worst is going to be online jobs.
I'm sure some of you guys have seen this
before. Online jobs.ph if you want to
know the website. This one's okay.
Realistically, it has a lot of
untalented talent. So, you get a lot of
applications, but most of the time they
suck. Second is going to be remote.co.
This one's a little bit better. You will
get less applications, but you'll get a
higher quality amount of talent.
And third is going to be ytjob.co.
Now, this is going to be, in my opinion,
the best platform to post to look for
editors. That said, the same philosophy
as I mentioned previously, you get what
you pay for. So, online jobs is 100
bucks a month. Remote.co, I think, is
300 and YT jobs is like 450 per post.
So, use that information as you will.
Once you have the said job posting
posted on one of these platforms, then
you can go ahead and have them fill out
a form. And on this form, there's really
only four questions that are really
going to matter that you guys should
ask. And then everything else is going
to be based around the culture of
individual that you're looking for. So,
the four questions that I recommend
everyone ask on your editor
form is going to be number one, asking
for their portfolio. That's going to
allow you to quickly and easily sift
through the applications, see who sucks
and see who doesn't.
Second is going to be asking what
editing software they use to edit the
videos.
Typically, you want to see either
Premiere Pro or After Effects, and
that's going to be what the best editors
use. You typically don't want to find
someone that edits on Cap Cut, mainly
due to the fact of if they're editing on
Cap Cut, that probably means they're
editing on their phone, which means they
probably have an invested investment in
themselves as an editor and just a bunch
of bad things that happen with that. So,
you're looking for Adobe Premiere Pro
and After Effects. Third is how much
they want to be paid. If they put 20K a
month, you might go ahead and sign that
guy off and not hop on a call with him,
and that just saves time. How they put
3K a month, this guy might be a steal
for you.
And then lastly, number four, uh I put
English because that's what I speak.
However, it seems like a lot of you guys
speak Spanish. So, whatever your main
language is in which that you create
content, that is going to be a quick
little question you can ask of how
fluent are they within that language
because you definitely don't want any
misspells or anything of the such.
And once you have that said form, you're
asking those four questions and all the
other questions you like to ask, then
you can end it off with a trial video.
Okay, let me explain the trial video
before I play. So, a trial video is
basically going to be a 30 to 45 seconds
video that you can look at as like a
VSSL for the editors. [snorts] Meaning
that before you actually hire them,
well, you first want to see what their
skills, what what they can actually do.
So, after they go through my interview
process, I'll give them a trial video to
where they edit the video as a trial and
then from there, I can see how good they
actually are. So, I'll show you our
trial video and you can take inspiration
for it if you'd like. My name is Deon
Chathau and today I welcome you to
Nexus. Nexus is a multi-7 figure content
company that makes millionaires famous
on social media. Now, currently we are
on the hunt for some full-time video
editors to come create high-quality
content for my own social media. And we
are looking for the best video editor to
come join us in our mission. And I am
more than willing to pay the best to get
who I'm looking for. And on top of us
being willing to pay the best, in my
opinion, pretty [__] sick to work
with us. For starters, we go on sick
trips with the editing team at least
four times out of the year. Last time we
went to Dubai. So, for example, here is
an editor in the [__] sky. Here is an
editor in a Lambo and here is me looking
sexy on a [__] couch. And on top of
the editor vacations, I mean, we give
quarterly bonuses. Um, we're going to be
working with the best media team in the
world and blah blah blah. Now, with all
this said, one thing that I will say is
that if you've ever spoken with anyone
who has worked within Nexus, [music]
then you know that we have the highest
standard within everything that we do,
especially within our video editing. So,
if you're looking to grow not only as
just like a video editor, but then also
as just like a person and you want to be
on other people that are like that and
then as well as join a team of people
like that, then the Nexus Media team is
for you. We truly are the best and we
lead [music] the content industry. And
with that, we're only looking for the
best. We own the finish line and
hopefully this child edit exceeds that
line. I've never seen that before. I
have to reach out to that guy. All
right, cool. So, as you can see, that
was just basically How long is that?
That's a long video. I want to make it
72 seconds. Uh, I would make it anywhere
between 30 and 45 seconds. And then from
that, that allows you to be able to see
how good they are. And then also on top
of that, while you're watching that,
hopefully you're sitting there thinking,
if I was an editor, I would want to come
work for this guy. And that's kind of
the double purpose of that. And that is
how to find an editor.
So at this point you now know how to
find content ideas, how to script a set
of content idea, how to record those set
scripts, how to edit those set of
recordings.
The end.
[applause]
There we go.
Cool. Don't leave yet. You guys have
been good. So, I'll give you a meter
starter kit. So, here's how you get it.
Uh, take a picture of this. This kind of
goes over like a overall view of
everything that you guys got today.
I give you guys a couple seconds to take
that.
We're good. Cool.
All right. And here's your starter kit.
So, just to be clear, I won't ask for
email, nothing. Uh, if you guys want it,
again, you get the essential content
system. So, it's going to be how you're
going to create videos moving forward.
how you're going to optimize and
organize all the videos that you create.
There will be 20 viral hooks inside of
this. There will be an AI scripting tool
just for you. And then lastly, what's
going on? Hopefully, you enjoyed the
overall talk. Hope you found some value
within it. That said, the media starter
kit, which I just mentioned. We got
really, really good feedback on that
from everyone that attended the event.
So, I want to hand that over to you guys
as well. Now, at the event, I just told
them to scan the [__] QR code.
However, I do not want to pay for that
many clicks with the software that
you're using for you to scan the QR
code. So, instead to hand over the media
starter kit to you, uh let's say just
message me the word chapstick on
Instagram. Then from there, I will
instantly send you the media starter kit
for free that we can go and go through
it. It's it's sick. I spent a lot of
money to create it. Uh it's a lot of
time that went into it. That said, it's
not anything that's necessarily
advanced. However, it is definitely
essential for your consecration process,
especially if you're just getting
started.